BUG: DataFrame.to_json OverflowError with np.long* dtypes (#55495)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.2.0.rst

- Bug in :func:`read_csv` with ``engine="pyarrow"`` where ``usecols`` wasn't working with a csv with no headers (:issue:`54459`)
- Bug in :func:`read_excel`, with ``engine="xlrd"`` (``xls`` files) erroring when file contains NaNs/Infs (:issue:`54564`)
- Bug in :func:`to_excel`, with ``OdsWriter`` (``ods`` files) writing boolean/string value (:issue:`54994`)

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.to_json` OverflowError with np.long* dtypes (:issue:`55403`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug where :meth:`DataFrame.to_json` would raise an ``OverflowError`` instead of a ``TypeError`` with unsupported NumPy types (:issue:`55403`)
```

Author: Hi @WillAyd, I have incorporated this change in latest commit. Thanks for this suggestion.
